Chore: Quick Fix based on User Testing Results (#643)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/token.md

## Exchanges

> Looking for [RBTC Cryptocurrency](/rsk/rbtc/)?
> 
> You can purchase the RBTC cryptocurrency using the [exchanges](/rsk/rbtc/#exchanges) listed here,
> or use the exchanges listed below👇 to buy the RIF token.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking for [RBTC](/rsk/rbtc/)?

You can obtain RBTC using [these exchanges](/rsk/rbtc/#exchanges),
or use the exchanges listed below👇 to obtain the RIF token.

```
